Term paper
	This is the term paper for our final project. In this paper, I will introduce about my final project by several part. 
  I will talk about how I got the idea about writing the project like that in the first part, after that, I will talk about 
  how my projects looks like for the output part. Then I will write about how I did this project, what difficulties I meet during that time.
  There are also some similarity apps like mine which I will also talk about them in my paper by using several sentences. In the final part 
  will also talk about how the program will be in the end of the semester. 
  
When I see the syllabus in the beginning of the semester, I find that we have a big project that worth 40% of our totally credits, after that, 
I realize that this project will be very important to this class. However, at that time, I have no idea what we will do for the final project, 
and I am not very good at android program, I am good at Java. After the first presentation in our class, I know what I should do for my final
project. For the presentation, I actually did 2 version of  presentations for our final project; one is a simple android game which I give up
that, because this game is about several shapes and play with those shapes, in that android project, is basically about using some GUI to do 
the project, however, I think Mobile App this class should focus on some other code, because it is not a GUI class, and the program is not 
difficult enough to be a final project, and I think this project is too simple to get a good grade. So, I give up on that project. Even though 
I have already finished that presentation, I decide to give up on this version of my presentation. Then, I am thinking about I can use some 
thing related to the data base to do the program. For me, the data base is more difficult than the GUI program. So, I start to think about what
kind of app I can write(because there still have some time before our presentation on the class) the thing I realize I can write a program about
the questions is that; there is one day, I went to school’s solution center, after that, I come up with an idea that I can write a program which
can make students to ask their questions In that app, and some one can write comments on the application. This program is a kind of new thing to
me, I never did program like that before, it is also a good time to make me to exercise the knowledge that I learned before and android program 
is also a new thing to me. After making this decision, I start to do the presentation for our class. In the beginning, I am thinking about how
I can make my project better, I am thinking about add several pictures in that app. However, the picture makes words in the app hard to read. 
So, I try to do with the program surface as simple as I can (simple is not means easy, I just delete the pictures which are not needed to the
project) this is how I write for my presentation of the surface. After finish thinking about that, there is another question came up. What will
be inside my app, in the beginning of my thinking, I am think about an app that basically on solving problems for students. Thus, I should focus
on post questions and answer those questions for my project. This is how I got my idea about writing an app like that.

I introduced about how I come with the idea like that, in the last part of my essay, I will talk about what my app will looks like in this part. 
I still writing about my app, and it is not finish yet. Thus, in this essay, I will write about how I think my app will be, and I will work hard 
to make my app be the way in my essay. And this is how I think about; in the first part of my program, there should have a log in page, which
allow the user to create their account, and log in to the app, the reason why I came up with the idea is that, when we use the mobile app, there
are always have a log in page related to the app. I also want my app to have its own user, thus, the log in page is the most important part to
an app. For this log in page, there will be 2 buttons, on the bottom of this page, one is log in and another one is creating an account. In 
addition, in the log in page, there will also have two white boxes, which allow user to write their username and their password. In my thinking,
I will make the password be like this “******” For example, if our password is several numbers of letters, those numbers or letters will not
appear on the log in page, it will be like “******” (this is more secret way to log in the password.) Those are for the log in page. In the next
part of my app, there will be a questions link. Because my app is basically about post questions and answer those questions. Thus, the main 
function will be the most important part, for the function, I am thinking about use the “+” as a special button to add the text channels, and 
next to the “+”, there will have a line which allow user to put several words in. For example, if I am a user, and I want to put the questions 
in the app, I should first put words on the line, when I finished the question, I can press the “+” button, the question will show on the 
questions page. I can add as many questions as I want into the question page. And there is also another part for the app, my app is not only
about put questions on the question page, when user click the questions appear on the question page, user can go to see the questions detail. 
At the question detail page, there is also have a line which allow user to put words on it, and there is also a “+” button, which can allow
user to post their words under the question. Those two parts are separate, I think this way can make my app easy to use. This is how my app
will look like, all in all, my app is about on log in page, one question page (which allow user to post questions), one questions page (which 
allow user to post their answers). At the same time, user can see the questions, or the answers are inside that page, the app will memorize it. 

This is how my app will look like. In this part of my essay, I will talk about the difficulties I meet and how I did this program. In the first
part of my program, I write about the log in page, for this part, it is not difficult, it is basically about creating the button and then, add
the function to each button, however during this part, I meet a small problem and it took me about 1 week to fix, the problem is that I cannot 
do with the log in page. The meaning of this problem is that I do not know how to make the program know I have already created the account. To 
solve this problem, I did two times for the log in page, in the first time, I only create the log in button, however, it does not work, in the 
second time, I found out that the function I added is not the correct. This part really spends a long time. In the next part of my program, is 
about doing the questions part. In this part, I am thinking about let the program remember the questions which user add. This need to use the 
knowledge linked to the database, I need to create a part, which allow the user to put in words on the program, and the program can remember
those words and shows on each page. I need do those part of the program several times, because my program should allow the user to put those 
questions into the system several times. Based on my understanding, this part is the most difficult part in my program. To do it, I should make
the program divide into several part, and write each part one by one, and each question is separate. In addition, each question should have its
own comments, also, for each question, it is totally independent from each other when I did this part, I really confused about how to do it. But
finally, I finished the data base and linked all those things together, user can type their questions on the separate page, and also the program
can remember those questions separately. To makes this program run. Those are basically about the program, how this program run, and how I did 
this program. 

This is how I did this program. However, based on my understanding and knowledge, I know other program which have the same function as my app.
For example, we can find some app from google store, that people can post words, and others can write comments under the post questions. For 
example, the face book, have the same function, but when I first time use face book, I am confused about some of the function inside the app.
I think my app is more clearly to post those things and read those comments. There is some other app in the google store too, and all of those
apps are almost the same thing, it is about put several words in to the platform， others are about using the database to store all those data
together. All in all, my function is like this kind of app, but I think my app is more clearly, it is focus on questions and comments. Even if 
there are some android app like mine, I think my program is more clearly. 

When I finished my term paper, I am still working on my program. I did not finish it yet, I think the final output for my app is almost like what 
I said about it in my term paper, I am not going to change the format of my app, especially the consequence has something wrong, or the program 
have some part cannot run. I think I will finish this project before Tuesday. 

This is my first android project, in this app, I did the code about the log in page, the code about the post questions and comments under each 
question, put those questions separate from each other. After the user put down the words the program can also remember those questions. 
This program does not have a lot of functions; However, it really took me a long time to do it. Because if I want to achieve all those functions, 
I need to write a lot of code to do it, and all those codes are new to me. All in all, I like this program, during this time, I learned a lot of
new function about the mobile app, and this android app also makes me to realize that I still have a lot of thing should learn in the future. 
