1.	After discussing with the other students last time, I found a lot of students are not 
interested in the app which need to pay about it. All students want to get free app, because
for the student, they will not use one app all the time, sometimes they are not willing to 
pay for the app.  Regarding this issue, I decided to make an application downloader that 
only included free applications, just like the app Google Store, but people could only download 
free apps. This is a new idea I came up with. This new idea can solve most people's problems.



2.	For the second part about the conflict between the programmer and the user, I have a good 
way to solve this problem: when the user first time sign up the account, all functions in the 
appshould be free to use only in the first week. After the first week use, we can add some 
advertisements windows when the user uses the app. If they want to skip the advertisements,
they can pay for skip the advertisements, if they do not want to pay, just need to watch a few 
seconds advertisements.  On the other hand, these advertisements can also put the advertisements
inside the app in another way. For example, the programmer can create the link called "Watch Ads" 
this link allow the user to watch the advertisement inside the app, if the user watch the add about
1 minutes, next day, when users open the app, the app can skip advertisements. By doing those things
inside the app, I think both the user and developer can all get the profits. 



3.	Based on my experience, I think the app “uber eats” has an excellent UI and UX. For example, 
every time when I use this app, I can always find some food I am interested in, the function about
this app is clear, the user can easily find what kind of food they like. In addition, the window 
inside the app is also concise, it looks clear when user is trying to find something inside. 



4.	After the class’s discussions and the 1-3 parts of this assignment, I think I want to write an 
app like google store, the different is that apps inside my mobile app are all free to download, the
user only need to watch several seconds advertisement. The reason why I have this idea is that I always
heard students says they do not want apps charge their money. 


